README.md, before:

# EM-DAT indicators in DDF format

Indicators calculated with EM-DAT publish dataset in DDF format. This is part of the larger
[Systema Globalis dataset][3] and is available in [Gapminder's tools page][4].

To get started with DDF and learn how to use the dataset, please read the
[introduction to DDF][1] and [DDFcsv format document][2].

[1]: https://open-numbers.github.io/ddf.html
[2]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aynARjsrSgOKsO1dEqboTqANRD1O9u7J_xmxy8m5jW8
[3]: https://github.com/open-numbers/ddf--gapminder--systema_globalis/
[4]: www.gapminder.org/tools/

## Indicators

- Drought affected annual number
- Drought deaths annual number
- Earthquake affected annual number
- Earthquake deaths annual number
- Epidemic affected annual number
- Epidemic deaths annual number
- Extreme temperature affected annual number
- Extreme temperature affected annual number
- Flood affected annual number
- Flood deaths annual number
- Plane crash affected annual number
- Plane crash deaths annual number
- Storm affected annual number
- Storm deaths annual number
- Tsunami affected annual number
- Tsunami deaths annual number

## Definition of indicator


## Unit of measurement


## Versions


### Revision history


## Data sources summary


## Specific information about this indicator

Commit message:

improve datapoint formats and update total affected definition

README.md, after:

# EM-DAT indicators in DDF format

Indicators calculated with EM-DAT publish dataset in DDF format. This is part of the larger
[Systema Globalis dataset][3] and is available in [Gapminder's tools page][4].

To get started with DDF and learn how to use the dataset, please read the
[introduction to DDF][1] and [DDFcsv format document][2].

[1]: https://open-numbers.github.io/ddf.html
[2]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aynARjsrSgOKsO1dEqboTqANRD1O9u7J_xmxy8m5jW8
[3]: https://github.com/open-numbers/ddf--gapminder--systema_globalis/
[4]: www.gapminder.org/tools/

## Indicators

- Drought affected annual number
- Drought deaths annual number
- Earthquake affected annual number
- Earthquake deaths annual number
- Epidemic affected annual number
- Epidemic deaths annual number
- Extreme temperature affected annual number
- Extreme temperature affected annual number
- Flood affected annual number
- Flood deaths annual number
- Plane crash affected annual number
- Plane crash deaths annual number
- Storm affected annual number
- Storm deaths annual number
- Tsunami affected annual number
- Tsunami deaths annual number

## Definition of indicator

The "affected" indicators are calculated by summing up the "Total Affected" and "Total Deaths" columns from the source data. The "deaths" indicators are based on the "Total Deaths" column.

## Unit of measurement


## Versions


### Revision history


## Data sources summary


## Specific information about this indicator
